men and women's clothing litter a
bulldozed road in Bon in Northern Gaza
the items left in the dirt after what
Palestinians describe as a campaign of
mass arrests by Israeli
forces the Israeli soldiers rounded up
all the men in the area some were
ordered to run for their lives others
stripped handcuffed blindfolded and
brought to the spot for interrogation
some were interrogated myself included
and were tortured and abused before the
Israelis withdrew they destroyed the
school building Sheltering people before
withdrawing from the area Israel's
military bulldozed roads and destroyed
food orchids and olive trees as one
journalist in the area uncovered and I'm
talking to you from B hanon exactly from
M shwa school where the Israeli forces
besieged this school for more than 24
hours in this school the Israeli forces
conducted a detailed search and a
campaign of arresting and they also
investigated with all the people and all
civilians who are Sheltering in this
school where homes once stood All That
Remains is Rebel displaced Palestinians
returning to the area find few reminders
of the lives they once
knew the destruction has affected us
greatly I lost a four-story house in
another area within the city and after
that we were displaced to another four
areas with their homes destroyed many
Palestinians have been trying to find
shelter in local
schools but renewed Israeli bombing in
the past few days has created even more
difficulties for those trying to rebuild
their lives hundreds of families have
fled B hanon since the latest Israeli
incursion in search of another place to
find children
men were rounded up taken in groups
while women and children were stripped
off all their belongings we were all
civilians taking shelter in school
buildings where should we go tell us
where should we go to as these
Palestinians are displaced once again
many are wondering whether anything will
be left Israel's military may have
withdrawn but for these Palestinians the
damage is already done hind
AL Central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer